---
title: "How I found 33,000+ User's data and their Government documents leaking."
date: 2023-02-26
categories:
  - VAPT
tags:
  - Penetration Testing
  - Web App 
  - API
---



All details specific to Client like Website, APIs, Server URL has been changed to respect the NDA.

## Here's a summary of Findings
- Google dork to find subdomains of Target.
- Found student.example.com, registered my user there.
- Intercepting the login API calls, found the API Server (api-server.com).
- Server page returned no data other than 
`© 2023 - My ASP.NET Web Secure API`
- A quick directory fuzzing gave me a `/help` directory which is an API Documentation Page.
- `POST getUserDetails()` API caught my eye, clicking the API, it took me to its details Page.
- The details page was totally blank. Checked the Request, the Server did respond with `text/html` type but data not being displayed in Browser.
- I inspected the Page, found a global CSS property set to `display:none` to mask all the contents.
- Override `display:block` which gave me the contents of Page, aka, API documentation for `getUserDetails()`.
- Request body included `user-id` integer and a `Authorization: Bearer` header.
- Got my Login token from the student.example.com which I registered.
- Did a following curl request
```bash
curl -i -X POST 'https://api-server.com/getUserDetails' -h 'Authorization: Bearer <Token>' -h 'Content-Type:application/json' -d '{"user-id":"<myuserid>"}'
```
- Server returned my user details.
- Manipulated the user-id integer field, Server returned that user's data too. (IDOR screaming in background)
- Created a multi-threaded [IDOR Exploitation](https://github.com/szyth/idoar) PoC Script in Rust to dump the user's data to showcase its sensitivity.
- Total Count included 33,000+ Users.
- User data included Name, DOB, EmailID, Number, Address, Guardian Details, Government Docs filename, to name a few.

## Digging deeper to find the Government Docs
- Though I found the User's PII, this data included only the Gov Docs filename and not the actual file path in server.
- Next step was to find the directory path in Server from where these files were served to the users once they log in to their portal.
- I re-logged in to student.example.com and found that it prompts me to pay an amount of Rs 1000 for user registration in order for me to move to next steps and see the User Profile where the Docs were embedded.
- Went back to the User PII dump, I found a user which has already paid the amount.
- Sent his user id with dummy password and proxied it with BURP SUITE.
- Login failed as expected but I overwrote the proxied Response with Success (which I got from my login response).
- Bingo! the browser logged me in with that user.
- From his user profile, I could see the Gov Docs and the directory path used to serve these files.
- From this directory path I could easily recurse the `wget` with filename to download all Docs from User Dump.

## Bonus finding
- API Documentation also had one updateUserDetails() API,
- Vulnerable to using an Authorization Token along with any user-id.
- Allowing me to tamper other User's details in a flick.

Update: These reported findings are now fixed.